Hi! This is the question for exercise 90.
So imagine you had a web of the question and you have a database where you store the data for your web
application and then you have users who visit your web site and maybe you have a service where the users
want to create, to generate a csv file.
So a csv file is like a text file with data and they want to generate a csv file with some data from your
database.
And this exercise around this topic.
So please for this exercise, please download the database file, database.db or to use it
if you have it already from the previous exercise. It's the same file.
Please use Python to access the database table rows that have an area of greater than so an area of
2 million square kilometers or greater than that, and then please export those rows to a csv file.
And please export the rows together with area, and the csv file should look like this.
Let me execute the script.
This is the csv file.
So it has a rank column, country, area, and population.
These columns are in the database, but these are filters to include only the rows with an area of greater
or equal to 2 million square kilometers.
So this is quite useful if you build web applications because the user could have a simple interface
where he could query some data and then on the back end you use Python to generate that csv file.
So I hope you crack this, and I'll talk to you later.